In this lecture we will learn about global attributes that are specific to HVM L5 the content editable
attribute allows us to specify our element is editable or not.
If we make the content of a paragraph element editable For example we will be able to click into it
and edit it on our Web page.
Let's add a paragraph element with some example text to our Web page.
We will give our paragraph element the content editable attribute with a value of true.
Then we will go to the web browser and run our code as you can see we can click on the text and modify
it.
Thanks to the content editable attribute.
Let's go back to the editor the context menu attribute allows us to create a context menu that will
appear when we right click on an element let's add the context menu attribute to our paragraph element
and then we will give it a value of menu inside of our paragraph element we will add some text content
which will be the text that we can right click on to open our menu and we will also add a menu element
the type will be set to context and the idea will be set to menu.
We will add two menu item elements as the content for our menu and label them option 1 and option 2.
Don't forget to close these menu item elements with a closing tag.
Then we will also close our menu and paragraph elements respectively to run this example.
We will have to use the Firefox web browser as the context menu attribute doesn't work in Google Chrome.
We will open up Firefox.
Run the code and right click on our example menu text.
We should see our context menu options option 1 and Option 2 displayed.
Let's jump back to the editing we can embed custom data into our HVM elements using the data attribute.
Basically we can create custom attributes using data then a hyphen followed by lower case strings that
can also be separated by hyphens.
Examples are data for type and data.
Programming language.
The draggle attribute allows us to specify whether or not an element is draggle.
Assigning this attribute value of true means that the element can be dragged.
Let's jump to the web browser and run our code as you can see if we attempt to drag the text by left
clicking and dragging on it with our mouse.
We are able to then we will go back to the editor if we give the attribute value of false.
The element will not be drag nable.
Let's change the draggle attribute to a value of false and go back to the browser to run our code.
If we try to drag the text as we did a moment ago you will notice that we cannot drag the text.
Let's jump back to the editor
to hide an element we can use the hidden attribute.
If we add the hidden natural beaute to an element opening tag the element will be hidden on the web
page.
Let's head to head match beaute to our opening paragraph tag.
Note that the hidden attribute is a Boolean attribute.
So we do not assign it a value.
Let's go to the web browser and run in the code.
Let's go to the web browser and run the code as you can see the paragraph element is no longer displayed
on the web page since we added the hidden attribute to it.
Let's jump back to the editor.
The spellcheck attribute allows us to have the contents of our elements spell checked.
We can use the content editable attribute along with the spellcheck attribute to spellcheck the text
that the user types in we will add the content editable attribute to our opening paragraph tag and assign
it a value of true.
We will also add the spellcheck attribute and give it a value of true.
Once we have done this we will go to the web browser and run our code if we spell the word incorrectly.
You will notice that the word is underlined with a red squiggly line showing that it is spelled wrong.
Let's jump back to the editor the translate attribute specifies whether or not an element is allowed
to be translated into another language a value of yes allows the text to be translated to other languages.
A value of no specifies that the text cannot be translated to other languages in the next lecture.
We will recap what we learned in this section.